Event API improvements (#1842)
FakeItEasy/FakeItEasy: docs/raising-events.md

## Limitations

The approach described above for raising events doesn't work in some situations:

> 

Author: The missing blank line caused the subsequent bullet points to appear on the same line as the previous paragraph.

FakeItEasy has no control over, so the fake doesn't know about the handlers and
cannot call them.

Similarly, strict fakes don't handle any call unless explicitly configured,
including event subscription or unsubscription, so FakeItEasy also can't raise
events on strict fakes.

To work around this limitation, you have three options:

- For a strict fake, you can enable the default event behavior on the fake at

> creation time, as explained [here](strict-fakes.md#events).

Reviewer: nit: I'm not sure we SEO matters, but I think it's better to have the anchor text be something specific.
```suggestion
For a strict fake, you can [enable the default event behavior on the fake at
creation time](strict-fakes.md#events).
```

Reviewer: Aaaaand now that I'm reading this, I wonder if the "wrappers" or calls base methods" folks will want a flag!
We don't have to do now. (Or at all.)

- You can explicitly enable the default event behavior on the fake, for a
specific event or for all events of the fake:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

Otherwise we see 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3275797/120070293-bcf82980-c057-11eb-81a3-fe8039c6162b.png)
instead of 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3275797/120070435-8a9afc00-c058-11eb-9827-1cd72d73c272.png)

(and the highlighting is nicer in vscode :wink:)
